Knowledge Checks

Question 1
Which three cardinalities are available in Power BI table relationships?
Answers :
1. Many to One
2. One to One
3. One to Many

Question 2
Which two cross filter directions are available in Power BI table relationships?
Answers : 
1. Single
2. Both

Question 3
Consider the following DAX formula for a calculated column in the Sales table:
UnitPrice = Sales[Revenue] / Sales[Units]
Which three statements describe the DAX formula?
Answers : 
1. The formula creates a calculated column named UnitPrice.
2. The value of the calculated column is dependent on the Revenue column.
3. The value of the calculated column is dependent on the Units column.

Question 4
Which three options allow you to hide a field from the Report view in Power BI Desktop?
Answers : 
1. In Power BI Desktop Data view, right-click the column header on the respective table, and click Hide in Report View.
2. In Power BI Desktop Relationships view, right-click the field on the respective table, and click Hide in Report View.
3. In Power BI Desktop Report view, right-click the field on the Fields list, and click Hide.

Question 5
In Power BI Desktop Report view, which three options will create a measure in the Sales table?
Answers : 
1. Select the Sales table in the Fields list, and then click New Measure in the Modelling ribbon.
2. Create the measure from any table, and then set the Home Table properties to Sales.
3. On the Fields list, click the ellipsis next to the Sales table or right-click any field in the Sales table, and then click New Measure.

Question 6
What are the three reasons for which you might use calculated tables?
Answers : 
1. To union tables
2. To perform different types of merge join
3. To create a table based on the result of a function or formula

Lab

Exercise 1: Manage Table Relationships
Review the relationship that you have just created on the CountryZip columns. (Hint: Double-click on the newly created relationship).
What is the cardinality of the relationship?
Answer : Many to One

What is the Cross filter direction of the relationship?
Answer : Multiple

Exercise 2: Last Year Comparison
Answer the following questions using the measures you created. (Do NOT include currency symbols or thousands separators). 
The fastest way to do this is to drag the measures you created to the Report view and format them as a table visualization. 
Do not use any level of filtering to answer the questions.
What is the figure for the Total Sales measure? (to two decimal places)
Answer : 5127755449.65

What is the figure for the Sales Var % measure? (to two decimal places)
Answer : 2.74

Exercise 3: Year to Date
Answer the following questions using the measures you created. 
(Do NOT include currency symbols or thousands separators). 
The fastest way to do this is to drag the measures you created to the Report view and format them as a table visualization. 
Do not use any level of filtering to answer the questions.
What is the figure for the LY YTD Sales measure? (to two decimal places)
Answer : 272629284.11

Exercise 4: Market Share
Answer the following questions using the measures you created. 
(Do NOT include currency symbols or thousands separators). 
The fastest way to do this is to drag the measures you created to the Report view and format them as a table visualization. 
Do not use any level of filtering to answer the questions.
What is the figure for the Total VanArsdel Sales measure? (to two decimal places)
Answer : 2276898965.01

What is the figure for the % Sales Market Share measure? (to two decimal places)
Answer : 44.40
