Knowledge check

Question 1
When you connect to an Access database, which entities are shown in the Navigator window?
Answer : Tables from the Access database

Question 2
Which three statements describe the Applied Steps area in the Query Editor window?
Answers :
1. It records the list of steps from connecting to the data source to all the steps applied to the data.
2. The recorded list follows the sequence of steps applied to the data source.
3. You can modify the connection to the data source by modifying the Source step settings.

Question 3
Which three transformations are available when you right-click a column header in the Query Editor window?
Answers: 
1. Remove
2. Change Type
3. Duplicate Column

Question 4
When using the “Split Column by Delimited” transformation, which option may result in more than two new columns?
Answer : At each occurrence of the delimiter

Question 5
Which three views are available in Power BI Desktop?
Answers: 
1. Report
2. Data
3. Relationships

Question 6
You have four queries named Query 1, Query 2, Query 3, and Query 4 in the Power BI desktop. 
You are creating Query 5, which will be appended at the end of Query 3.
When you load the data, which queries will be refreshed?
Answer : Query 3 and Query 5

Question 7
Consider the following custom column formula:

= if [Country] = “USA” then “United States” else [Country]

Which of the following statements describes the value of the custom column formula?
Answer : The value will either be “United States” or whatever the value of the Country column is.

Question 8
Which transformation option converts rows as columns and columns as rows?
Answer : Transpose

Lab 1

Exercise 1: Import Data from Access Database
Answer the following question by reviewing the imported data in Power BI Desktop. (Hint: Use the Data view).
How many rows were imported from the Date query?
Answer : 5844

How many rows were imported from the Locations query?
Answer : 99618

How many rows were imported from the Manufacturer query?
Answer : 14

How many rows were imported from the Products query?
Answer : 2412

How many rows were imported from the Sales table?
Answer : 9985368

Exercise 2: Import Data from a Folder Containing CSV Files
Answer the following question by reviewing the imported data in Power BI Desktop. (Hint: Use the Data view).
How many rows were imported from the International Sales query?
Answer : 797244

How many rows are now in the Sales query?
Answer : 10782612

Exercise 3: Import a Less Structured Data from an Excel File
Answer the following question by reviewing the imported data in Power BI Desktop. (Hint: Use the Data view).
How many rows were imported from the Country Population query?
Answer : 75 

How many distinct values of the Year column were imported from the Country Population query?
Answer : 15
